Data Normalization: To help remove data redundancy, insertion/delete/update anomaly(seperating database into proper tables and columns)
	+ First Normal Form: single valued attributes
	+ Second Normal Form: Must be FNF, and have no partial dependency(i.e one columns depends only in a subset of the   composite keys)
	+ Third Normal Form: Transitive Dependency. When a non-prime attribute depends on other non-prime attributes rather than depending upon the prime attributes or primary key.
			Be in SNF, does not have Transitive Dependency => Remove data duplication, data integrity achived

Database Cursor = Iterator
	Dynamic: it reflects changes while scrolling.
	Static: doesn’t reflect changes while scrolling and works on recording of snapshot.
	Keyset: data modification without reflection of new data is seen.

Non-SQL database scale horizontally easily, because does not need to maintain ACID(Atomicity, Consistency, Isolation, Durability)

Different kinds of JOIN.

A Subquery or Inner query or a Nested query is a query within another SQL query and embedded within the WHERE clause.

Indexes help in improving the speed as well as the query performance of database. The procedure of boosting the collection of indexes is named as Index hunting.

Primary key cannot have NULL value, the unique constraints can have NULL values. There is only one primary key in a table, but there can be multiple unique constrains

DDL stands for Data Definition Language. SQL queries like CREATE, ALTER, DROP and RENAME come under this.
DML stands for Data Manipulation Language. SQL queries like SELECT, INSERT and UPDATE come under this.
DCL stands for Data Control Language. SQL queries like GRANT and REVOKE come under this.

: A Trigger is a code that associated with insert, update or delete operations. The code is executed automatically whenever the associated query is executed on a table. Triggers can be useful to maintain integrity in database

Controlling Data Redundancy , Sharing of Data, Data Consistency, Control Over Concurrency ,  